Well, Kramer's German history.
And he also taught survey.
David had him.
He thought he was great.
Other than the two of us, there weren't many others.
I'm trying to do these by segments or by years.
Victor was a very popular teacher.
Victor Treat?
Yeah.
People used to fuss about Castalonic, but I know people take two or three of his courses once they get used to his accent.
Who were thought to be the toughest graders?
I think Beaumont's considered.
Roger Beaumont.
That'd be military history, wouldn't it?
In the survey.
The answer was a hard grader.
Because he would have had to have the footnote tell most of these questions.
Was there anybody supposedly easy?
I think Tom Miller was easy.
That's just the impression.
And then way back under Jock Woods in government?
In government, yes.
It was easy.
Of course, that's been too long.
We've been divided too long.
You know, Kwan Road.
You know, Kwan and Poli-Sci.
I don't think it was easy, but it wasn't that hard.
There were a number of folks that, after we got a divorce, came to Poli-Sci that were considered easy.
We're just sticking to history.
OK, all right.
Now, I don't have many more questions left.
What have we not covered that we should have of all?
Oh, what extracurricular groups, organizations, activities did you take part in?
There was non-academic, but university.
I don't know how many years I was an outfit advisor.
describe what that meant.
You go to the dorm, I picked, I had these wedding nights, and whatever outfit you were with, come to see, for example, you would knock on the doors of freshmen and just visit with them and ask them what's on their mind or what's bothering them.
Usually by the 34th week, a number have gotten Dear John letters, have gotten flush letters.
You could almost mark your calendar by October and November.
Oh, I see.
This is good.
I don't have this before.
I tried.
I say you could almost mark the calendar.
And then you visit them by their academic, by whatever personal problem that you were born to.
For quite a few years, I was a school advisor.
I don't remember how many years, but quite a few.
I sat down one time and counted how many different committees.
I was always 22, but, you know, six or seven of them would be graduate committees, the rest would be college or university or others, I'm thinking whatever, whatever.
Everything.
I was on the road selection committee, the Truman Scholarship and the Marshall Scholarship.
I did the study of college scholarships.
I did it for many years.
I've already indicated it was an active operations committee.
I had eight people.
You hear that?
That TV comes on by itself sometimes.
Do you know why?
As you look back over all these years, what were the most joyful moments, the high points?
At the university?
Yeah.
Well, for my, you know, professionals, a rather high point to be given the opportunity to do academic services.
Not that I was tired of teaching, never got tired of doing that, but it was an opportunity to move beyond the departmental status and become directly involved in some of the larger issues of the university, and especially since I felt rather strongly
about the general studies program and what opportunities it gave to students and also a long time feeling that new faculty started throwing up the rules and given the opportunity to create a program, a week-long program, that hopefully would enhance the ability of the new faculty to integrate into the community.
I guess I just like being what is, because since we came in 56, I've never regretted it.
I've never had any real desire to go anyplace else.
I've been comfortable here.
University has been generally good to me.
In anyone's long-term career, there are some ups and some downs, and my journey were up.
And we often say how different our life would have been had we stayed at the Citadel.
But as it was, we came here and it's been a full life.
We got out of here from heaven to work at the University of Biochemistry.
And we like who we are and what we've been.
If you had all the people that you've been associated with at A&M present,
to which ones would you most want to express appreciation?
Ralph Steen, you know, for hiring me.
That was important to me.
Chuck McCandless and Mike Prescott.
You know, there was no academic service.
It was created that summer at their initiative.
And I assume that Jarvis approved since it happened.
And I really appreciate the fact that essentially Chuck, after several talks with him, gave me the opportunity to have that position.
And as far as my history colleagues are concerned,
For most of them, I have nothing but the highest regard and respect, and I would say thank you to people like Charles Wines.
We were office mates in the reserve together, and Victor and Haskell and Al Ashcraft, and I miss them a great deal.
Roy Taylor, he's on the Cougar way, was a very, very unusual person.
Let's make believe that you have been hired as a consultant now to advise the department and the college and the institution about what it ought to do now and in the future.
You mean if I was a Chuck McCandless, I'd rule the world for a day?
Yes, yes, that's right.
Is that his expression?
Yeah, yeah.
I'd rule the world for a day.
Well, I think despite all the studies, and I don't know the details of all of them, I sometimes feel and sense that it has lost what I thought was very important.
That was true in the 50s and 60s, as well as the 70s and 80s.
It may be a function of size.
I don't really like the word family.
That always bothers me.
They talk about the A&M family and I still see it in the newspapers and the TV news all the time.
But I think that to the degree that the department and the university has lost its ability
for the faculty to appreciate, I mean in fact in the broad sense, to appreciate and I don't want to say love each other, but at least respect each other and without what I see a good deal of backbiting, stabbing, and what have you.
I also feel rather strongly that
And I don't know who all the senior administrators are, but I would certainly hope that the University would make any changes at the higher levels in the near future.
Would have someone in the institution as their chief administrative officers who have a better sense of what it is and what its direction should be.
I really feel in the last two years,
of the selection process is not the University of Justice and the people that have been chosen.
Is there something special about A&M as an institution?
If so, what?
Well, it grows on you, whatever that speciality is, if that's a good word.
You know I have two degrees from the University of Texas and one from Arkansas, but when it gets down to the degree for A&M and not the others, I don't think I've recounted, but while we were in the Southwest Conference,
Before we played the Arkansas game, I would teach my students how to call the hogs.
And though they would make glaring, they apparently got pretty good charge out of it.
But I never did try to teach them about UT.
I thought it may be safer with Arkansas and just a bit easier to do call the hogs and whatever it may be.
But in how many years we've been around, it's been a joy and a pleasure.
And I wouldn't change.
So what feelings do you carry in your heart for A&M today?
It's sad to say I've seen some people retire.
Maybe they were forced to retire, which I was not.
And their bitter is much like your earlier question.
which senior administrators left on the card, some with a greater or lesser degree.
But as far as the institution, I have a great love for it and a great sense of its well-being.
That's why I'm terribly troubled in the last two years.
Almost every time I pick up the newspaper, there's something in there that hurts the university and what I perceive it to be and what I would like for it to be.
As I said earlier, it's been good to us and my family.
Any change that I would vote and recommend, and I may sound like a reactionary, but a little bit of the good old times, whatever they were.
Of course, that's a relative expression.
What do you mean by it?
Let's quit there.